# potential-fiesta
## About potential-fiesta
This is NOT any sort of project, just a self-made archive of documents and information for tertiary education-related research. <br>
All data in *potential-fiesta* is collected online, the files will be uploaded and the source will be mentioned. <br>
All copyright belongs to the source. NO commercial use is allowed. <br>
If you would like to share this, be sure to mention the author(me). 		:D <br>
<br>
Also, the name *potential-fiesta* is generated by GitHub, kinda cool right?
<br><br>

# File Directory & Brief Information
## Acronyms 
NUS - National University of Singapore <br>
NTU - Nanyang Technological University, located in Singapore <br>
MBBS - Bachelor of Medicine and Bachelor of Surgery, a common bachelor's degree for medicine study <br>
MD - Medicine Doctor, a rather advanced degree for medicine study, personally acknowledged as the "Master Degree" for medicine study <br>
...<br>
For more, access Acronyms.md <br>
<br><br>

## NUS
### About 
The National University of Singapore, aka NUS, is known for its expertise in various fields, one of the best universities in the world. <br>
With the ranking of #1 in Asia and #8 in the world, NUS is deemed highly competitive, especially for international students. <br>
NUS doesn't give any quotas so anyone who wants to get into NUS must be equipped with outstanding academic results. <br>
NUS provides several undergraduate study programmes, which include Medicine(Yong Loo Lin Medical School), <br>
Nursing(Yong Loo Lin Medical School), Pharmacy(Faculty of Science), and Pharmaceutical Science(Faculty of Science). <br>
... <br>
To learn more, access folder NUS.

<br><br>
## NTU
### About
*to-be-added*
